generally to apply for graduate school, you're going to need to fill out
an application form. Um, sometimes their general application forms
that you fill out, and then you can send them to multiple schools.
Sometimes schools have their own individual application form that you
have to fill out just for them. Eso You can usually learn more about
that on the school's website. They'll tell you exactly what you
what form you need to fill out. You'll also need usually letters of
recommendation at least 2 to 3. And so these air letters written by
mentors people that you've worked with like former employers. Things
like that. You know, they can be former professors, but you generally
only want toe. Ask a professor if you have a close relationship with,
um um, and then you'll need a statement of purpose. Often times,
which is a brief essay, usually just a couple of pages, um, talking
about you know why you want to go to grad school, why you want to
go to this particular program on DSA? Mother details. Oftentimes again,
the school's website will have guidance in terms of what they want
you to cover in your personal statement on beer. Maybe a few other
things that you need depending on the school that you're applying
to. But those were the General three. That you'll probably need for
all schools is the application, the letters of recommendation and the
personal statement.